docs: Remove UWP references (#20250)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/migrating-apps.md

uid: Uno.Development.MigratingApps
---

> # Migrating a WinUI/UWP-only application codebase to an Uno Platform application

Reviewer: @jeromelaban, @morning4coffe-dev  seems to me that maybe the migration section would need a bit more adjustments, especially for WinUI -> Uno App
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf3da41b-5999-4592-a72e-3d963ff401ee)

cf. https://discord.com/channels/1182775715242967050/1182775715729526908/1370524131631562753

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6388de7e-2ba7-4053-bfb1-c99f559a65a3)

Reviewer 2: Let's do that one in another PR

## Migrating files to the Uno solution structure

> Note: these steps will **destructively modify** your existing WinUI/UWP-only solution. Make sure you have a copy in source control or in a back-up folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: these steps will **destructively modify** your existing WinUI/UWP-only solution. Make sure you have a copy in source control or in a backup folder.
```

1. In order to reuse the name of the existing WinUI/UWP project, we want to first rename it and its containing folder. (If you don't want to reuse the name, you can skip this step.)

>     i. First, rename the project itself within the solution, by right-clicking on the project and choosing 'Rename'. For example, if the project is called `BugTracker`, we can rename it to `BugTracker_OLD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    i. First, rename the project itself within the solution by right-clicking on the project and choosing 'Rename'. For example, if the project is called `BugTracker`, we can rename it to `BugTracker_OLD`.
```
